Of course, she loves her pink bunny slippers.
They ran around the corner to find that they had traveled back in time.
He said he was not there yesterday; however, many people saw him there.
I've never seen a more beautiful brandy glass filled with wine.
Tuesdays are free if you bring a gnome costume.
There's a growing trend among teenagers of using frisbees as go-cart wheels.
Eating eggs on Thursday for choir practice was recommended.
All you need to do is pick up the pen and begin.
She was disgusted he couldn’t tell the difference between lemonade and limeade.
The door swung open to reveal pink giraffes and red elephants.
You'll see the rainbow bridge after it rains cats and dogs.
Situps are a terrible way to end your day.
After fighting off the alligator, Brian still had to face the anaconda.
Your girlfriend bought your favorite cookie crisp cereal but forgot to get milk.
Martha came to the conclusion that shake weights are a great gift for any occasion.
Cursive writing is the best way to build a race track.
It didn't take long for Gary to detect the robbers were amateurs.
Her life in the confines of the house became her new normal.
I honestly find her about as intimidating as a basket of kittens.
Even though he thought the world was flat he didn’t see the irony of wanting to travel around the world.
The most exciting eureka moment I've had was when I realized that the instructions on food packets were just guidelines.
If you spin around three times, you'll start to feel melancholy.
He kept telling himself that one day it would all somehow make sense.
Behind the window was a reflection that only instilled fear.
I liked their first two albums but changed my mind after that charity gig.
Facing his greatest fear, he ate his first marshmallow.
We will not allow you to bring your pet armadillo along.
He watched the dancing piglets with panda bear tummies in the swimming pool.
I only enjoy window shopping when the windows are transparent.
The father died during childbirth.
You have no right to call yourself creative until you look at a trowel and think that it would make a great lockpick.
Sarah ran from the serial killer holding a jug of milk.
The random sentence generator generated a random sentence about a random sentence.
Going from child, to childish, to childlike is only a matter of time.
It caught him off guard that space smelled of seared steak.
She felt that chill that makes the hairs on the back of your neck when he walked into the room.
The blue parrot drove by the hitchhiking mongoose.
His get rich quick scheme was to grow a cactus farm.
His son quipped that power bars were nothing more than adult candy bars.
Joe discovered that traffic cones make excellent megaphones.
Her scream silenced the rowdy teenagers.
There's a reason that roses have thorns.
The reservoir water level continued to lower while we enjoyed our long shower.
Written warnings in instruction manuals are worthless since rabbits can't read.
The sight of his goatee made me want to run and hide under my sister-in-law's bed.
I received a heavy fine but it failed to crush my spirit.
While all her friends were positive that Mary had a sixth sense, she knew she actually had a seventh sense.
If my calculator had a history, it would be more embarrassing than my browser history.
When nobody is around, the trees gossip about the people who have walked under them.
Combines are no longer just for farms.